bsp: imx9: imx93: head: Add ADC current sense amplifier (#375)
phytec/doc-bsp-yocto: source/bsp/imx9/imx91_imx93/head.rst

ADC_IN2        49
========= ========

Additionally, there is a current sensing circuitry available on |sbc-nash|. It is
capable of measuring input current consumption of the |som| SoM @ 3.3V. Circuity consists

> of MAX4372 current-sense amplifier (50 V/V) with two 70 mOhm shunts resistors in parallel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capable of measuring input current consumption of the |som| SoM @ 3.3V. The circuitry consists
of a MAX4372 current-sensing amplifier (50 V/V) with two 70 mOhm shunts resistors in parallel
```
